in november 2005 harvardville airport
falls victim to a t-virus attack both
from inside the terminal and a
crash-landed airline plane
terrasave worker claire edfield
coincidentally runs into senator ron
davis
a vocal opponent of terror save and they
are forced to hide in the vip lounge
with rani
nissa vitera save employee by nightfall
the airport has been locked down by the
local special response team and the
united states army
aiding evacuated survivors officers
angela mueller and greg glenn
are joined by federal agent leon s
kennedy claire's group is rescued
however they are forced to leave the
infected craig
trucks from pharmaceutical corporation
will farmer arrive to administer a
t-virus vaccine they created
but are destroyed by explosives leon
reveals that a terrorist has threatened
to unleash the t-virus throughout the
u.s should government officials involved
in its creation not be revealed by
midnight
clara companies will form a head
researcher frederick downing to their
harvardville research facility
downing reveals plans to make a g-virus
vaccine next
angering claire because of its extreme
danger excusing himself
downing leaves claire in his office
claire informs leon about what downing
told her and learns that he and angela
have found the house of her brother
curtis on fire
downing phones claire warning her about
a man who has activated a time bomb
claire briefly spots curtis in the
building's central garden only for the
bomb to detonate
leon and angela arrive at the facility
and split up
leon reunites with claire while angela
reunites with curtis
curtis reveals the american government's
involvement in covering up raccoon
city's destruction
having injected himself with the g-virus
he mutates and kills a squad of marines
leon saves angela as the atrium garden
begins to fall apart
with the wreckage temporarily crushing
curtis the computer system then
incinerates the building in order to
prevent the viruses from spreading
angela and leon jump into a pool of
water to avoid being burned alive
after shooting a glass partition to
avoid drowning the two find themselves
in an underground area
meanwhile claire makes it to the command
center attempting to haul to biohazard
alarm and open the building
however the detection of curtis triggers
an outbreak containment fail-safe in
which the laboratory falls into the
abyss to trap any infection
curtis attacks them seeing leon as a
threatened angela as a mate
curtis briefly regains control telling
angela to run before losing himself
again
as the sections are rejected leon and
angela evade curtis
only to hang from a broken catwalk about
to fall
curtis grabs hold of angela's leg but is
shot in the head by leon
and falls to his death in the aftermath
claire accuses senator davis of
orchestrating everything in order to
improve whale farmer stock
leon reveals davis is innocent making
claire realize that downing is the
actual mastermind of the t
vaccines destruction the bombing of the
research building
and the recent bioterrorism incidents
meanwhile downing talks to general
grande
a client of his eager to buy the t-virus
now that news reports have revealed its
potential
though he warns against using the
g-virus waiting for a contact to sell
will farmer information to
downing mistakes a car containing leon
and claire for his contact
soon after he is arrested by the police
for his crimes
the next day leon and claire meet with
the despondent angela
leon reveals downing confessed to being
a former umbrella researcher who stole
both viruses and escaped prior to the
raccoon city incident and created his
current identity
downing used his alias to sell the
viruses to a list of potential customers
while researching the vaccine
angela realizes downing manipulated
curtis but claire notes that even though
this does not clear his name
he wanted to prevent another raccoon
city just like she
leon and angela do